Project 3: Quiz App

In this project you and your team will be creating a quiz application using client-server architecture and using APIs. Project 3 builds on project 2, therefore try to utilize as much of your previous work as possible in order to finish the project on time. The app will have three main pages form before:

1. The home page where the user will be able to start the quiz.
2. The quiz page where the user will be able to play the 10-question quiz.
3. The results page where the user will be able to see what they scored in the quiz.

Additionally, you will need to incorporate:

1. A signup/login page for the user to create an account.
2. Save users score along with other user information into MongoDB.
3. Create a user profile page where the user can see their play history.

Additionally, you will cover your Quiz app from using hard coded questions to using the Trivia API (free): https://opentdb.com/api_config.php

If you can deploy the server in Heroku or a cloud service of your choice (usually free of charge for basic tiers)
you and your team will receive 5 points extra credits.

Extra features could include:
1. A timer for the quiz or for each question.
2. A leaderboard.
3. Ability to share their score in social media

Use of ChatGPT, Google, Stack Overflow are allowed, however if I were to ask on how you implemented a feature, you should possess full knowledge of the code and how it works. Otherwise, a lower grade will be given.

Each group, should maintain and submit a README.md file. In this file you should include all the features you and your team have developed, how to run the server, the name of participating team members, and what each team members role was in the development of the quiz app. 

You will submit the link of your leader's Github account, where I will be able to see the full code, as well as a two minute YouTube video link of a walkthrough of your project in action (meaning run the server and play the quiz). The leader could be the same as last time, or a new leader may be chosen, dictatorially or democratically :P

Extra credit may be provided for groups/individuals that go above and beyond the minimum required work.